# cpp-unittests-boilerplate

## Run instructions
- `cd my_project`
- `mkdir build && cd build`
- `cmake ..`
- `make`
- `./modules/app/app`
- `./modules/boilerplate_module/unittests/boilerplate_module_unittests` 
or
- `make test`
or
- `ctest`

## Notes
- the header files need to be in this structure boilerplate_module/include/boilerpalte_module/header.h in order to be included like so `#include <boilerplate_module/boilerplate.h>` 
Because if we target the include directory. It starts its referencing there.

- CMake (cmake ..)
	Purpose: CMake is a cross-platform build system generator. It takes a set of instructions (defined in CMakeLists.txt files) on how to build a project and generates configuration files for a build system (for example, Makefiles on Unix-like systems or project files for an IDE like Visual Studio on Windows).
	Command cmake ..: This specific command tells CMake to configure the project based on the CMakeLists.txt found in the parent directory (..). During this configuration phase, CMake determines how the project should be built (which compiler to use, where to find libraries, etc.) and generates files necessary for the actual build process. The .. assumes you're in a build directory within the project and want to use the configuration at the project root.
	Outcome: The result is a set of files (e.g., Makefiles) tailored to your system's configuration, ready to orchestrate the build process but no actual compilation occurs at this stage.
- Make (make)
	Purpose: Make is a build automation tool that uses Makefiles to determine how to compile and link a program. It's one of the build systems that can be generated by CMake.
	Command make: When you run make, it reads the Makefile(s) in the current directory to compile the source code into binaries, link objects files, and produce the final executable or library artifacts. This step involves actual compilation and linking, driven by the instructions generated by CMake (if CMake is being used to generate the Makefiles).
	Outcome: The result of running make is the compiled and linked output specified in the Makefile, such as executables or libraries. This is the step where source code is transformed into executable software.